hey guys sure you hear my camp nanowrimo
day number ten it's already day Ted
that's insane without so awesome i hope
you guys are all making your word goals
whatever they have set if you're having
fun of your enjoying everything i was so
excited for this video today because
today I'm going to be talking about one
of my favorite favorite things when it
comes to writing a novel or a play or a
story or whatever you're doing and that
is characterization I love talking about
characters characters are my favorite
until I'm really excited to bring this
video to you guys today let me tell you
guys once you have your characters down
and you know your characters really well
it is like so easy to write which is
very beneficial during campana right so
here are my tips about characterization
how to make good characters I know you
guys knew rhythm and I hope they help
you up the first tip is that you should
probably know the physical appearance of
your character once you can envision
your character I feel like it makes them
more real and it makes them less of like
a sketch in your mind or like an actual
human people but I'm not talking about
just like hair color eye color height
all that stuff I'm talking about like
little scars on their face or like do
they like to wear lipstick or do they
just not like to wear any makeup at all
of them do they like to style their hair
a certain way what kind of clothes do
they wear cuz honestly how a character
looks I'm what they do with their looks
says a lot about them as a person don't
you know they're for school qualities
it's kind of easy to see like what kind
of person they are going to be what what
society is gonna think of them tip
number two is to ride character
biography of your characters you're
making your like main characters like
protagonists and antagonists would be
great let's not forget about our
villains here because it our villains
are like what
the antagonist is it's very important
without the antagonist or wouldn't be a
story so you kind of need focus on that
too not just your protagonist write down
their biographies then this includes
writing down their past which is so
important to me like any good character
you need to know their paths where they
came from and what makes them who they
are once you don't make some who they
are then it's just so helpful your
characters need to have those weird
little things about them they need it
they can't just have a beer crab because
they have a fear of crops you need to
like know their past what makes them who
they are if a character is like super
strong and tough and doesn't like to
show his or her emotions you need to
know why that fits if you make a pass
for each of your main characters it's so
easy to rent because you know like what
they've been through in their life up to
this point you know is what makes them
who they are like it's so important
knowing what makes your characters who
they are what makes them tick why what
they're looking for in life what
swimming they've had all that stuff if
you just read a character biography no
matter how long or short it is to just
write down the past and make sure it's
just all set in stone and you know like
your character's life which is very very
beneficial my next tip tip number three
is to know your characters greatest
desire and if your protagonist is like
going on a quest to save some money
that's that's a desire but I don't think
that's a deep enough like desire what is
your care to really want out of this
what does your hair do you really want
out of the adventure whatever they're
going through what is their motivation
ask yourself these questions also you
should probably know what their biggest
fear is so what like the biggest dream
is what their motivation is and what
their biggest fear is and why knowing
your characters past will really help
you help you come up with the answers to
these questions there are tons and tons
of websites on like character
development that have like tons of
questions that you can answer about your
characters and that makes
kind of tedious but it really helps your
characters another thing that I do tip
number four is to place your characters
in certain scenes just put them in
random random scenes like really mundane
normal scenes and just kind of just
write them out and just see where your
character goes what they say kind of
helps to develop them a little more in
your mind I know Kevin rhyme on you want
to spend all your writing time like
writing your whatever you're working on
but if you have so much your time if you
don't really want to write like a big
scene or something just put your
character in a situation and see how
they react you can do it in your mind
even if you want to but I like writing
down scenes because I'm I can go back to
them and kind of see how they would
react to certain things those are my
tips on characterization and how to make
good characters I hope you guys enjoyed
it and I hope you guys are doing really
great during camp NaNoWriMo i'm sure you
all are but if you have any more
questions concerning characters or
anything like that put it down in the
comments below to let me know so I can
answer them I'll let me know what other
videos you'd like me to do for the next
three weeks I really hope you guys
enjoyed this video and I will see you in
next Friday for another pinner I know
love is this a blog I don't know I hope
you guys have a great night full of
riding and I will see you in my next
video bye guys